[Addrbar] Added a new option for custom parameters. (#7350)
wenzhixin/bootstrap-table: site/docs/extensions/addrbar.md

- **Default:** `false`

### addrCustomParams

- **Attribute:** `data-addr-custom-params`

- **Type:** `Function|Object`

- **Detail:**

  Define an object in which key and value pairs will be added as custom/additional get parameters to the URL, for example, custom filters.
  The `key` is the GET parameter name, and the `value` is the value of the GET parameter.

> - **Default:** `{}`

Reviewer: one empty line

- **Default:** `false`

### addrCustomParams

- **Attribute:** `data-addr-custom-params`

- **Type:** `Function|Object`

- **Detail:**

>   Define an Object which key and values pairs will be added as custom/additional get params to the url, for example custom filters.
>   The `key` is the GET parameter name and the `value` is the value of the GET parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Define an object in which key and value pairs will be added as custom/additional get parameters to the URL, for example, custom filters.
  The `key` is the GET parameter name, and the `value` is the value of the GET parameter.
```

- **Default:** `{}`

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
